now the angel who talked with me
came back and wakened me as a man was
wakened out of his sleep what do you see
I'm looking and there is a lampstand of
solid gold with a bowl on top of it and
on the stand seven lamps with seven
pipes to the seven lamps two olive trees
are by it one at the right of a bowl and
the other at its left so I answered and
spoke to the angel who talked with me
saying what are these my lord do you not
know what these are no my lord this is
the word of the Lord to Zerubbabel not
by might nor by power but by my spirit
says the Lord of hosts who are you o
great mountain before is a rubble you
shall become a plane and he shall bring
forth the capstone with shouts of grace
grace to it moreover the word of the
Lord came to me the hands of Zerubbabel
have laid the foundation of this temple
his hands shall also finish it
then you will know that the Lord of
Hosts has sent me to you for who has
despised the day of small things for
these seven rejoiced to see the plumb
line in the hand of the rubble they are
the eyes of the law which scan to and
from throughout the whole
what are these two olive trees at the
right of the lampstand and at its left
and I further answered and said to him
what are these two olive branches that
drip into the receptacles of the two
gold pipes from which the golden oil
drains do you not know what these are no
my lord these are the two anointed ones
who stand beside the Lord of the whole
earth